Illustrated HTTP Error Codes
Published on August 08, 2007.
Via Boingboing , I found these awesome Illustrated HTTP Error Codes .
HTTP error codes are inherently funny to me, because of the all the possible double entendre possibilities involved.
I mean, there’s 411: Length Required, 402: Payment Required (!), 414: Requested URL Too Long… The crude joke potential is just too high!
In fact, Thinkgeek has a line of HTTPanties that exploits this very fact.
But these illustrations don’t pander to the lowest common denominator.
Some of them are funny, like the dog that’s too big for his house (Requested Entity too large).
Others are just kinda dumb.
But the fact that someone drew these means there’s a bigger nerd out there than I. And I, for one, salute Ape Lad.